you guys know I love Twitter these have
been all of the tweets the past day but
the new Tesla 3 now the tough last gasp
lot hasla electric cars electric
hoverboards electric skateboard electric
bikes it's everywhere I just recently
went to be formula e race where it's
like Formula One car racing but with
electric cars there's so many cool
products and hikes and like the future
is electric try the most relatable thing
to me is Electric skateboards because
that is how I get around in the city of
New York but the thing is when you're
riding on Electric skateboards that are
going up to 22 miles an hour you can run
into problems when you are skating the
not so smooth round of New York these
are the type of electric zebras I
usually use a hour long it's a belt
driven system so it's easy to start and
stop very quickly in these big wheels
they just take the shock of the ground
well these are smaller boards that I
have been trying out lately this is a
Chinese electric skateboard that I have
ever seen it's probably not the smallest
one in existence honestly I have never
written this in New York
it seems very dangerous and the other
thing about these boards is it's a hub
motor so the motor is in this one wheel
opposed to the belt driven system like
in boosted boards now these are the two
smallest models that act in tests which
i think is perfect for cruising on LA
boardwalks or groan that is just easier
to skate on it can actually be the
perfect way to get around but when it
comes to actually using your board as
more of a utility like getting from
point A to point B several miles quickly
I would definitely recommend a bigger
one and they do have two bigger size I
haven't tested them out yet but I would
consider a bigger size if you are using
it more as like a legitimate needs
transportation and a
the crazy city where you need to start
and stop that the point of today is I
want to take out this little guy see if
it's fair as well on the streets if it
won't be as a size comparison real
skateboard the blink light metric tiny
electric smallest skateboard ever kind
of scared definitely need a helmet for
this venture we just pulled over here on
the Westside Highway and brand-new I've
never seen this over here by Allen
Wexler it's a big part structure with
like cheers there's one here there's
another one here now John is on top of
the art just to get the shot very rude
you're standing on someone's art I
[Music]
didn't feel
really okay
[Music]
just gonna kill me homie up because I'm
such smaller I like you see borderline
goes up like 9 10 miles an hour
I'm okay to push that speed I feel like
you can for some comparison the bigger
boards go up to 20 years our good
example
[Music]
inventing all this thing is you can just
grab it walk so things to smaller
courses you have to write them on
sidewalks but even the sidewalks are
very dangerous I would never actually
ride them in the road but I just want to
show you that perspective
ah yeah nope nope this is the crazy part
at night Avenue if you can tell it
straight chaos and the ground is all
ripped up of construction so we're going
to see if I can survive maybe I'll sit
where you're going 22 miles an hour
where you want full speed full speed
once you stop it literally takes 4 to 5
seconds - celery
[Music]
professional skater John do you know
what a shame you are right now right now
alleged a word and then mall grabbing
another electric paper
God how I dabble in hated your oh my
gosh the chorus gay community would be
so ashamed of you they already are ha
well push start and we're off to the
races going through about an hour I'll
going three miles an hour
hey just at five miles an hour oh this
is some sketchy ground here we go
[Music]
Wow
eighth Avenue above the 30s is the work
and that's where we are now
this ground is so sketchy and this poor
people are super passionate about
walking in the bike lane yeah
[Music]
when Andros tiny electric skateboard on
the streets I didn't die if I were to be
honest I actually came to a conclusion
that is way off from my initial thought
going into it as basically this is gonna
prove that it is impossible to ride
small electric skateboards in the city
it's going to be so dangerous
but like what I said earlier it's very
true that having a word that maybe
doesn't take bumps as well but goes like
10 miles an hour opposed to 22 miles an
hour might actually be a safer board to
ride because you're not going so fast
however for me I'm usually needing to go
from point A to point B very quick so
yes that means the three to four times a
year that I do have an electric
skateboard crash or wreck of some sort
is that a lot three to four times it
seems like a whole lot anyways it's just
what your prairies are for me I need to
get to places quickly but these small
witches skateboards are onto something
thank you guys so much for hanging out
with me today let me know if you like
this video hit that subscribe button
down below for new videos every single
Monday through Friday night you want to
check out John's video he did a $1500
electric skateboard comparison to a 500
dollar one check it out they set up a
log girlfriend and like always there are
juicy good links in the description of
the load so make sure to check it out
stay peachy okay bye
[Music]